Core team development standards guide (#6517)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/development/standards.rst

get started with a local installation of Read the Docs and can be used for local
development by non-core team.

.. warning::

   Take into account that Core team does not offer support on this setup currently.

Core team standards
-------------------

Core team members expect to have a development environment that closely
approximates our production environment, in order to spot bugs and logical
inconsistencies before they make their way to production.

Currently, core team members are migrating to a Docker Compose based

> solution that it's not fully recommend yet for Contributing development.

Author: I'm happy to remove all the other setups that are not docker compose, but I think we agreed on doing this step by step. At the moment, only Eric and I have tested this I think.

> solution that it's not fully recommended yet for contributing development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
solution that is not yet recommended for contributing to development.
```

Azurite as Django storage backend
    All static and media files are served using Azurite --an emulator of Azure Blob Storage,
    which is the one used in production.

Serve documentation via El Proxito
    Documentation is proxied by NGINX to El Proxito and proxied back to NGINX to be served finally.
    El Proxito is a small application put in front of the documentation to serve files
    from the Django Storage Backend.

Search enabled by default
    Elasticsearch is properly configured and enabled by default.
    Besides, all the documentation indexes are updated after a build is finished.

Setup your environment
----------------------

After cloning ``readthedocs.org`` repository, you need to

#. install `Docker <https://www.docker.com/>`_ following `their installation guide <https://docs.docker.com/install/>`_.

#. install the requirements from ``common`` submodule:

   .. prompt:: bash

      pip install common/dockerfiles/requirements.txt

#. build the Docker image for the servers:

   .. prompt:: bash

      inv docker.build

#. pull down Docker images for the builders:

   .. prompt:: bash

      inv docker.pull

#. start all the containers:

   .. prompt:: bash

>       inv.docker up  --init

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      inv docker.up  --init  # --init is only needed the first time
```

Reviewer 2: There should be some explanation here about exactly what this starts and how to access it (eg. http://community.dev.readthedocs.io/).

In case you need to add a new Python dependency while developing,
you can use the ``common/dockerfiles/entrypoints/common.sh`` script as shortcut.

This script is run at startup on all the servers (web, celery, builder, proxito) which
allows you to test your dependency without re-building the whole image.
To do this, add the ``pip`` command required for your dependency in ``common.sh`` file:

.. code-block:: bash

   # common.sh
   pip install my-dependency==1.2.3

Once the PR that adds this dependency was merged into ``master``, you can rebuild the image
so the dependency is added to the Docker image itself and it's not needed to be installed
each time the container spins up.

Adding support for ``-ext``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. note::

   This is a temporary solution.

.. warning::

   ``readthedocs-ext`` is closed source for now and it's not available for non-core team members.

Read the Docs extensions can be installed with the same pattern than `Adding a new Python dependency`_
using the ``common.sh`` script. You can add the following line to the script:

.. code-block:: bash

   # common.sh

>    pip install -e ../readthedocs-ext/

Author: That could be a good addition if we can do it in the `Dockerfile`. I would try to avoid running this install every time the containers speed up.

I think we could check if `GITHUB_TOKEN` was passed in the `docker.build` step and install -ext in the Dockerfile directly. It will need some work, though.

Celery is isolated from database
    Celery workers on our build servers do not have database access and need
    to be written to use API access instead.

Use NGINX as web server
    All the site is served via NGINX with the ability to change some configuration locally.

Azurite as Django storage backend
    All static and media files are served using Azurite --an emulator of Azure Blob Storage,
    which is the one used in production.

Serve documentation via El Proxito
    Documentation is proxied by NGINX to El Proxito and proxied back to NGINX to be served finally.
    El Proxito is a small application put in front of the documentation to serve files
    from the Django Storage Backend.

Search enabled by default
    Elasticsearch is properly configured and enabled by default.
    Besides, all the documentation indexes are updated after a build is finished.

Setup your environment
----------------------

After cloning ``readthedocs.org`` repository, you need to

#. install `Docker <https://www.docker.com/>`_ following `their installation guide <https://docs.docker.com/install/>`_.

#. install the requirements from ``common`` submodule:

   .. prompt:: bash

>       pip install common/dockerfiles/requirements.txt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      pip install -r common/dockerfiles/requirements.txt
```
